everyone jared from race college admissions assistance going
kids here again with the second part of
our college admissions assistant series
bede-ten secrets every parent must know
about college admissions scholarships
and financial aid
we begin with secret number two
highschool graduation requirements are
generally less stringent been college
admissions requirements and high schools
require fewer classes in the lower grade
point average usually at the average in
order to graduate whereas most colleges
and universities will need to look at a
class that has a great lower than a c
which brings us to secret number three
your child must complete a specific
combination of college preparatory or
college prep courses in order to be
eligible for college admissions
these are minimum requirements and
there's just no way college admissions assistance around them
your child could have a four point oh
grade point average of wood every award
in america but if they are missing just
one of these college prep classes their
applications will be rejected
automatically
this brings us to secret number four
not all high school courses fall into
the college prep category
in fact some classes that are required
in high school for graduation are not
college preparatory at all this includes
p_e_ an even more academic something
classes like pre geometry some life in
earth sciences and even some religion
courses that you attend a private school
this is important because your desired
university and all other colleges full
only consider college prep courses when
reviewing your child's transcript and
calculating college admissions assistance your child's grade point
average
here's a simple rover remembered
if your child classes are not college
prep they just don't come if you'd like
to do the other seven secrets and our
free university and college admissions
assistance with an armed or if you're
interested in understanding colleges and
college admissions assistant in general
you can sign up by visiting our website
at the address below
remembers the college admissions clock
is always taking
please visit our web site and sign up to
being